Document deprecated webhook API endpoint (#81)
wearerequired/traduttore: docs/api.md

Check out the [Getting Started](installation.md) guide to learn how to set up webhooks.

### `/github-webhook/v1/push-event`

> For backward compatibility reasons this deprecated REST API route works the same way as `/traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook`, but only works for GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This **deprecated** REST API route works the same way as `/traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook`, except only for GitHub repositories. For backward compatibility reasons it has not been removed.
```

> Users are encouraged to use the `/traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook` route for webhooks all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users are encouraged to use the `/traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook` route for webhooks for all of the providers.
```
